About the job
What You Will Do 

You will troubleshoot, design, and develop C# applications. 
You will liaise between the incident management team, Project Manager, and Technical Lead Engineer of the development teams. 
You will resolve highly complex issues and technical challenges and provide technical decisions and support to the team to ensure that everyone executes to the best of their abilities. 
You will focus on overall reduction of incidents as well as new implementations, technical alignments, process improvements, clarifications to improve the overall delivery to our clients and within our product offering, i.e. a full-stack approach (frontend, backend, databases, and security). 
You will engage in best practice development initiatives, provide thoughtful input and output to implement solutions that support additives strategy. 


Who You Are 

You have a bachelor's or master's degree in computer science or software engineering. 
You have a minimum of 6+ years of working experience in software engineering activities for software products, preferably in the financial industry. 
You have a minimum of 2 years of working experience with Azure PaaS and Cloud native solutions. 
You have experience in .NET (core & classic) Frameworks, C#, WCF, ASP.NET, and Entity Frameworks. 
You have experience in API driven solutions, microservices, messaging broker (Azure Server Bus). 
You are familiar with Visual Studio, Azure DevOps, TFS, GitHub, NuGet, NPM. 
You are familiar with design patterns, SOLID principles, code reviews, and following best practices. 
You have the added advantage of working with Azure (MS) SQL and NoSQL. 
You are fluent in English. Any additional language would be considered as a plus. 
You have strong interpersonal and teamwork skills. 


What You Can Expect 
A competitive salary structure. 
An exceptional working environment with supportive peers and mentors. 
Health insurance privileges. 
Breakfast and Lunch at the office. 
Monthly team events. 
Lots of challenges and even more scope to implement your ideas.